README.md, before:

# FrontendApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.2.10.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Group 5 week 4 initial load of frontend start

README.md, after:

#frontend-app Group 5 Week 4 

##Group 5 Week 4 Homework
This is the frontend for the week 4 weekend project for Group 5/

* Complete the projects together
* Create a voting dApp to cast votes, delegate and query results on chain
* Request voting tokens to be minted using the API
* (bonus) Store a list of recent votes in the backend and display that on frontend

##Dev server
`npm run start:dev` or `yarn start:dev` to get it showing on `http://localhost:4200/`, automatically reloading.

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.2.10.


## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Help!

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
